Blind Croupier is a gambling software development company [Business to business], providing decentralized, fair and transparent gambling solutions for casinos.
Blind Croupier是一家博彩软件开发公司[企业对企业，（B2B）]，针对企业提供分散的、公正透明的赌场赌博解决方案。
Программное обеспечение, позволяет операторам казино открыть свое собственное децентрализованное казино в кратчайшие сроки.
Completely fair — a casino can't possibly gain any advantages except for those defined by specific game rules, including the fair random generation.
完全公平——只有受到具体游戏规则的限制，包括公平的随机生成等，每个人才可能获得利益。
Absolutely transparent — all the transactions, software source code, are open to the public and available for revision.
绝对透明——所有的交易、软件源代码都是向公众开放的，可供修改。
Decentralized — this guarantees that a player, obeying the game rules, will certainly receive his award (paid to his Ethereum wallet), regardless of the casino’s reservations.
分散化——它保证遵守游戏规则的玩家一定会获得他的奖励（支付到他的以太坊钱包），不管赌场是否预留。

	•	Introduction（介绍）
	•	Token WIN（代币WIN）
	•	The Privilege Auction
	•	特权拍卖
	•	Token Distribution
	•	代币分配
	•	About Token Distribution Model
	•	关于代币分配模式
	•	Put Your Tokens To Work（让您的代币投入工作）
	•	Raised Funds Distribution（募集资金分配）
	•	Roadmap（发展计划）
	•	Stage 1: Minimal Viable Product (MVP)
	•	第一阶段：最低可行性产品
	•	Stage 2: Development and Legal
	•	第二阶段：发展与法定权利
	•	Stage 3: Testing and Presentation
	•	第二阶段：测试和展示
	•	Stage 4: Advanced Platform and Blind Jackpot Fund
	•	第四阶段：先进的平台和Blind大奖奖金
	•	Background（背景）
	•	Algorithm and Video Poker Implementation（算法和视频扑克的实现）
	•	Blind Chips（Blind筹码）
	•	Video Poker Game Rules
	•	卡牌扑克游戏规则
	•	Alghoritm Implementation
	•	算法实现
	•	The Problems Solved By the Algorithm（算法解决的问题）
	•	Pseudo-Random Number Generation (PRNG)
	•	伪随机数生成
	•	Gaming Speed and Slow Staking
	•	游戏速度与缓慢下注
	•	Fairness check
	•	公平检查
	•	Third Party Random Sources
	•	第三方随机源
	•	The Jackpot Validation
	•	大奖验证
	•	Technologies and Methodologies（技术与方法）
	•	iGaming Market（网上博彩市场）
	•	House Edge or Casino's Revenue（赌场优势或赌场收入）
	•	Blind Croupier Business model（Blind Croupier商业模式）
	•	Royalties
	•	提成费
	•	Fees
	•	使用费
	•	Custom Services
	•	定制服务
	•	The Marketing Strategy
	•	营销策略
	•	Motivation and Mission
	•	动力与使命
	•	Premises
	•	前提
	•	Turnkey Solution For Operators Casino（运营赌场的整体解决方案）
	•	Blind Croupier Platform（ Blind Croupier平台）
	•	Description
	•	描述
	•	Mobile Casino
	•	手机赌场
	•	Operation under BlindCroupier license
	•	BlindCroupier许可证的运作
	•	The Blind Jackpot Fund（Blind大奖奖金）
	•	BlindJackpot Main Features
	•	Blind大奖的主要特点
	•	Jackpot Winner Determining Algorithm
	•	大奖得主的判定算法
Introduction介绍
The moment smart contracts emerged, the gambling industry changed forever, making casinos more transparent and fair. A player can easily check all the transactions, confirm the source code validity and check a casino's advantage in no time.
目前，智能合同的出现彻底改变了博彩业，使赌场更加透明和公平。玩家可以在任何时间轻松地检查所有的交易，确认源代码的有效性，检查赌场的利益。
It's also obvious that the industry will not move forward to a new stage of online gambling until there is a complete solution, providing both a platform and games while taking advantage of smart contracts. We believe that the market calls for the advance technology provides, which, in turn, drives the market to grow.
很明显的是，直到出现完整的解决方案，该行业才会进入在线赌博的新阶段，利用智能合同提供平台和游戏。我们相信，市场需要先进技术，而它反过来又会带动市场成长。
Blind Croupier will open a new door in online gambling and provide all the tools necessary to start your own decentralized casino. We are sure that our solution will create a new start for the industry, and that our company will take the lead in this emerging market, which has already reached 42Billions USD.
Blind Croupier将为在线博彩业开启一扇新的大门，它将为创建您自己的分散赌场提供所有必要的工具。我们相信，我们的解决方案将为该行业创造一个新的开始，我公司也将在这个新兴市场取得领先地位，现市场份额已达420亿美元。
We have already done a tremendous job, starting from the general concept and ending up with a working beta-version of a video poker game. We have completely solved the problems of slow staking and fair, no oracle involved. (An oracle is a third-party data supplier for a smart-contract, pseudo-random number generation).
我们已经做了大量工作，开始于一般概念，结束于视频扑克游戏的测试版。我们已经彻底解决了缓慢投注和公平的问题，没有涉及Oracle。（Oracle是一家有关智能合同、伪随机数生成的第三方数据供应商）。
This document shows how our products can solve the existing industry problems, which innovations we are introducing, what advantage our investors are going to receive and our current goals.
本文展示了我们的产品如何解决现有的行业问题，包括我们所介绍的创新，我们的投资者将获得什么样的利益，以及我们目前的目标。
WIN Token Distribution （WIN代币分配）
Токен WIN - это валюта проекта Blind Croupier служащая измерителем стоимости других товаров и услуг. Все категории участников могут использовать WIN для оплаты продуктов и услуг, связанных с проектом Blind Croupier. К тому же WIN может быть использован для оплаты или обмена среди всех участников обращения токена WIN.
Emission: The total amount of WIN Tokens emitted is 500,000,000 WIN. There will be no further emission. All unsold tokens (if any) are destroyed at the end of every period.
发行额：WIN代币总发行额为 50亿WIN，不会再进一步发行。所有未出售的代币（如果有）会在每个周期结束时销毁。
Period 0 price: 1WIN = 0.07$
周期o价格：1WIN = 0.07美元
Period 1 price: 1 WIN = $0.1$
周期1价格：1 WIN = 0.1美元
In each new period, the price is increased by 0.7% from the price in the previous period. If 20% of more of tokens were destroyed in the period, then the price would be maintained at the same level.
在每一个新的周期，价格会在上一期的基础上提升0.7%。如果20%以上的代币在这个周期内被销毁，那么价格将保持在同一水平。
Period
周期
Price
价格
Supply
供应
Demand
需求
Tokens Burnt %
1
0.1美元
10,000,000WIN
10,000,000WIN
0%
2
0.1007
1,000,000WIN
1,000,000WIN
0%
3-69
-
-
-
-
70
0.140美元
1,000,000WIN
800,000,000WIN
20%
71
0.140美元
1,000,000WIN
1,000,000WIN
0%
Как вы наверное заметили из таблицы, в периоде 1 все предложенные токены были распределены, и стоимость токена во втором периоде повысилась на 0.7%. А в периоде 70 было сожжено 20% токенов, поэтому в соответствии с указаным в смарт-контракте алгоритме, стоимость токена в периоде 71 не повысилась. В этом и следующих разделах вы узнаете больше о предложенной экономической модели.
5,000,000WIN: Offered for Token Distribution Period 0. Price for period:1WIN = 0.07$.（500万WIN:周期0提供的代币分配。周期1价格：1WIN = 0.07美元。） Это небольшой период для "раних птичек". Период будет завершен когда все доступные для него токены будут распределены или вместе с началом с Period 1 то есть ** УКАЗАТЬ ДАТУ**. All the unsold tokens are destroyed at the end of the period.（所有未售代币会在周期结束时销毁。）
15,000,000WIN Offered for Token Distribution Period 1. Price for period: 1 WIN = $0.1$. （1.5亿 WIN ：周期1提供的代币分配。周期1价格：1 WIN = 0.1美元。）*Период начнется УКАЗАТЬ ДАТУThe period lasts 161 hours (or until all the tokens are sold), after that the next period begins instantly. All the unsold tokens are destroyed at the end of the period. [该周期持续161小时（或直到所有代币售完），之后下一期即时开始。所有未售代币在周期结束时销毁。]
366,000,000WIN: Split for periods 2-367. For each period, 1,000,000 WIN is available for 23 hours (or until all the tokens are sold). In each new period, the price is increased by 0.7% from the price in the previous period. If 20% of more of tokens were destroyed in the period, then the price would be maintained at the same level.
36.6亿WIN: 为周期2-367拆分。每一周期，23小时可用100万 WIN（或直到售出所有代币）。在每一个新的周期，价格会在上一期的基础上提升0.7%。如果20%以上的代币在这个周期内被销毁，那么价格将保持在同一水平。
100,000,000WIN: Reserved by Blind Croupier to award project participants for their work and are considered a long-term investment, и поддержания необходимого баланса маркет мейкера. The are put on hold and will be unlocked after 12 months.
10亿WIN: 由Blind Croupier预留，以奖励项目参与者，并被看作是长期投资。它们将被搁置，并于12个月后解锁。
5,000,000WIN: This tokens will be transferred to the market maker balance. A market maker is a dealer/bot/broker, storing WIN tokens and making transactions to maintain higher tokens liquidity on the market.
5,000,000WIN: 该代币将被转移到做市商的余额。做市商是指交易商/ bot /经纪人，他们存储代币并进行交易，以在市场上保持较高的代币流动性。
5,000,000WIN: Reserved for the 'bounty' campaign. Tokens are distributed after each period and transferred to the participants' balances each 7 days. Please read more about getting involved into bounty campaign on our site.ДОБАВИТЬ ССЫЛКУ НА БАУНТИ
5,000,000WIN: 为“赏金”活动预留。代币在每个周期之后分配，每7天转移到参与者的余额。请到我们的网站阅读更多关于赏金活动的信息。
4,000,000WIN: Reserved for the current and future Blind Croupier advisor.
4,000,000WIN: 为当前和未来的Blind Croupier顾问保留。
About Token Distribution Model关于代币分配模式
The aforementioned Token Distribution model was developed to solve investors' problems which are, by our opinion and blockchain community opinion, are most relevant.
上述代币分配模式解决的是投资者的问题，我们和区块链社区认为这是最重要的。
	•	Step-by-step investment - We look at this as at a great opportunity for an investor to look closer to the project, to assess how the given promises are fulfilled and divided the investment into stages. An investor, decided to take part in the Token Distribution will most probably be given a chance to do so. For us it is an opportunity to showcase our products during the Token Distribution and let the market vote for our project, final emission and the token price.
逐步投资——我们认为这对投资者来说是一个很好的机会，可让他们仔细查看项目，评估如何兑现承诺，以及将投资分为几个阶段。决定参与代币分配的投资者最有可能会得到这样做的机会。对我们来说，这是一个在代币分配期间展示我们的产品，让市场为我们的项目、最后发行额和代币价格投票的机会。
It's worth mentioning, however, that if an extreme interest rises among the investors, new periods will finish and start without delays, which can, theoretically, lead to the fast end of period 367. But the price will also rise in this case, requiring further roadmap advancement and/or token destruction.
然而，值得一提的是，如果投资者中出现极端利益，新周期将结束并无延迟地启动，从理论上讲，这将导致367期的快速结束。但价格也会在这种情况下上升，需要进一步的发展计划推进和/或代币分配。
	•	
The low share boundary - An investor knows the total amount of tokens and their distribution. The only unknown figure is the amount of tokens issued to the market. But in the case we decrease the emission after the investment, the investor's share will grow.
低份额范围——投资者了解代币及其分配的总额。唯一的未知数是向市场发行代币的数量。但在我们投资后减少发行额的情况下，投资者的份额将增长。
	•	
	•	
Limited emission - 500'000'000 WIN is a maximum emission limited by the smart contract. The total amount of tokens can only decrease.
限定发行额——50亿 WIN是受智能合同制约的最大发行额。代币总额只能减少。
	•	
	•	
No command center - the Blind Croupier team doesn't possess enough tokens to manipulate price. Even in the case of 50% of the tokens, which are offered to the Token Distribution, are destroyed, Blind Croupier team will own 32% of the total emission. Also, part of the tokens will be send to the market maker, which is to support the stable token market price.
去中心——Blind Croupier团队没有足够的代币来操纵价格。即使如果用于代币分配的代币有50%被销毁，Blind Croupier团队将拥有32%的总发行量。同时，部分代币将被发送给做市商，这是为了维持代币市场价格的稳定。
	•	
	•	
Market efficiency - the offered model agility is based on the token price increase in new periods until the investors are satisfied. If the demand decreases, the offer is decreased as well until the offer-demand balance is reached.
市场效率——所提供模型的灵活性以新周期的代币价格上涨到令投资者满意为基础。如果需求减少，那么供应也将减少，直到供需达到平衡。
	•	
Следование Механизмам Дефляционной Модели
Дефляция - это изъятие из обращения избыточной денежной массы с целью увеличения их покупательной способности. Дефляционный механизм лежит в основе всей экономической модели Blind Croupier, как во время первоначального распределения токенов, так и на протяжении всей дальнейшей жизни проекта.
Тем самым мы выстариваем зависимость стоимости токена WIN от экономических показателей Blind Croupier. Основной показатель экономической эффективности Blind Croupier это размер полученных роялти отчислений от использующих ПО казино, отчисления составляют 13% от GGR(GGR=ставки-выигрыши).
Минимум 15% от полученной роялти прибыли будет использоваться для постепенного выкупа токенов WIN и их выводу из оборота. Чем лучше идут дела у проекта, тем больше средств будет выделено для вывода из оборота токенов, в случае если WIN оказался определенно не дооценен, то соответственно больше WIN будет выведено из оборота. Если же оценка стоимости на рынке окажется сбалансированной - будет выведено не значительное колличество WIN (Чем выше цена токена, то соответственно и на выделенную сумму мы можем купить меньше токенов).
Пример: Ожидается, что размер рынка интернет-гейминга в 2018 году достигнет $52млрд, если подключенные к Blind Croupier казино смогут занять минимальные 0.5% от рынка, то их годовой оборот достигнет $260,000,000, GGR в среднем составит 5% или $13,000,000 из которых 13% будут отправлены для Blind Croupier в виде Роялти, что составит $1,690,000, из этой суммы Blind Croupier выделит минимум 15%($253,500) для обратного выкупа и сжигания токенов. Давайте рассмотрим в ниже приведенной таблице, какое колличество токенов будет уничтоженно при данных условиях, в зависимости от их стоимости:
Выделено в год
Средняя цена токена на рынке
Токенов уничтоженно в год
$253,500
$1
253,500WIN
$253,500
$0.5
507,000WIN
$253,500
$0.25
1,014,000WIN
$253,500
$0.1
2,535,000WIN
Как видно из таблицы, когда цена токена снижается, дефляция ускоряется и стабилизирует рынок, соответственно когда стоимость токена WIN достигнет стабильного уровня, который соответствует размеру будущей экономики Blind Croupier, дефляция будет замедлена. Данная модель постепенно увеличивает покупательную способность токена WIN, в зависимости от экономических показателей проекта Blind Croupier, не прибегая для этого к спекулятивным методам.
Ликвидность
Ограниченная эмиссия и постоянный вывод токенов из оборота на всей жизни проекта делает безопасным хранение токенов WIN в долгоcрочной перспективе. Однако это может повлечь за собой не способность токена быть быстро проданным по цене близкой к рыночной или другими словами низкую ликвидность токена на рынке. Для предотвращения подобных событий, как вы уже возможно заметили из раздела распределения токенов, на рынке будет присутствовать маркет-мейкер. Маркет-мейкер хранит на своем балансе токены и другую валюту и принимает активное участие в покупке и продаже токенов WIN по рыночным ценам, в соответствии с указаным алгоритмом. Другими словами, если вы захотите приобрести токен WIN на бирже вам не прийдется платить цену выше рыночной чтобы это сделать, также как и не прийдетется выставлять предложение о продаже по цене ниже рыночной - маркет-мейкер купит/продаст токены по рыночной стоимости.
The Privilege Auction特权拍卖
Top 5 Investors (considering ETH spent by the end of Period 25) receive a free platform subscription for 12 months (as soon as platform is released) and a discounted royalty (7% instead of 13%) for 12 months. To participate, they need to invest from a single Ethereum wallet. We reserve the right of the winner to give/sell the privileges gained to the third parties.
排名前5的投资者（考虑到25期为止ETH的花费）获得12个月免费的平台订购权（一旦平台发布）和12个月的折扣使用费（7%而不是13%）。为了参与，他们需要从单一的以太坊钱包投资。我们保留获胜者将获得的特权给予/出售给第三方的权利。
Raised Funds Distribution募集资金分配
The further distribution plan is for reference only. Blind Croupier reserves the right to change funds distribution scheme, depending on the amount of funds raised, market situation and other circumstances. Blind Croupier is not obliged to provide accurate information about funds distribution, which, in turn, is supplied without any guarantee and obligations.
进一步的分配方案仅供参考。Blind Croupier有权改变资金的分配方案，取决于募集资金量、市场形势等情况。Blind Croupier没有义务提供关于资金分配的准确信息，对该信息的提供没有任何担保和义务。
	•	40% game and platform development
	•	40%游戏平台开发费用
	•	30% marketing
	•	30%营销费用
	•	10% legal expenses
	•	10%法律费用
	•	20% operating expenses
	•	20%营业费用
Roadmap发展计划
This document supplies the general development plan, which is to be updated as the project progresses. All the roadmap content is subject to change at any time. The information is for reference only. Blind Croupier doesn't guarantee the information provided in the Roadmap is accurate, which, in turn, is supplied without any guarantee and obligations.
本文提供了总体发展规划，它将随着项目的进展而更新。所有发展计划的内容会随时变化。本信息仅供参考。Blind Croupier不保证发展计划提供的信息是准确的，对该信息的提供没有任何担保和义务。
Stage 1: Spring-Summer 2017 - Minimal Viable Product (MVP)
第一阶段：2017年春-夏季最小可行产品（MVP）

This stage was devoted to developing the general software concept for a new generation casino with three main requirements: quick bet placement, transparency, fair random generation, and creating an MVP. The goal was achieved, you can see the algorithms at work in the Videopoker beta version.
该阶段致力于为新一代赌场开发通用软件概念，它有三个主要要求：快速下注、透明、公平的随机生成、创造最小可行产品。该目标已实现，您可以在Videopoker（视频扑克）测试版看到运行中的算法。
Stage 2: Fall 2017 - Development and Legal
第二阶段：2017年秋季——发展与法定权利

This fall the platform will be developed along with the set of basic games (baccarat, roulette, dice, blackjack). At the same time we will register a company and get a gambling license. We will expand our team to improve the product quality and development speeds. We will start developing the marketing campaign.
今年秋天，该平台将随着基本游戏的设置而得到开发（巴卡拉[一种纸牌赌博]、轮盘赌、掷骰子、二十一点）。同时我们将注册公司，获得赌场执照。我们将扩大我们的团队，提高产品质量和发展速度。我们将开始开展营销活动。
Stage 3: Winter 2017-2018: Testing and Presentation
第三阶段：2017—2018年冬季：测试和展示

During Winter 2017, we are going to prepare the platform and the games for the open beta-testing. For the bugs and vulnerabilities found testers are going to get rewards. After that we are going to present the platform and install it along with the games for the 5 winners of the privilege auction. This winter we are going to get a gambling license, after that BlindCroupier casinos will be able to use our merchant account to process Visa/MasterCard payments (and many other popular payment methods), without losing fairness and transparency of Ethereum block chain gambling.
2017年冬季，我们将为开放的测试准备平台和游戏。缺陷和漏洞的发现者将得到奖励。之后，我们将展示这个平台，并将为5个特权拍卖的优胜者随游戏一起安装平台。今年冬季我们将获得赌场执照，之后BlindCroupier赌场将能够使用我们的商家帐户处理维萨/万事达卡支付（以及许多其他流行的支付方式），不失公平和以太坊区块链赌博的透明度。
Stage 4: Spring-Summer 2018: Advanced Platform and Blind Jackpot Fund
第四阶段：2018年春季-夏季：先进的平台和Blind大奖奖金

Development and testing: The Blind Jackpot Fund, advanced platform, first video slots set, and optimization of all products for the mobile devices. After the testing is finished, we are going to present the ready product at all main online gambling events. The marketing campaign is to be started and the product launched to the main market.
开发与测试：Blind大奖奖金、先进的平台、老虎机设置、移动设备产品的优化。测试完毕后，我们将在所有主要的在线博彩活动中展示准备的产品。营销活动将要开始，产品将要在主要市场推出。
Background背景
It all began in 1994, when Microgaming Company presented the first online gambling platform, allowing to build a full-scale casino. The same year Antigua and Barbuda's government passed "Free Trade and Processing Zone", describing steps required to obtain an online casino license. This act served as the foundation of the industry's growth. In 1997 there were about 200 online casinos around, compared to 15 in 1996.
这一切始于1994年，当时Microgaming公司展示了第一个在线赌博平台，建立了全面的赌场。同年，安提瓜和巴布达岛政府通过了“自由贸易与加工区”，描述了获得在线赌场执照所需的步骤。此行动为该行业的发展奠定了基础。1997年，大约有200家在线赌场，而1996年仅15家。
A year after, in 1998, the progressive jackpot came in. This innovation implied strong player base growth. Players were attracted by the huge sums of possible wins. This principle still serves as a perfect selling point for gambling lovers all over the world.
一年后，也就是1998年，累积大奖进入市场。这种创新意味着强大的玩家基数的增长。玩家们受到可能赢得的巨额奖金的吸引。在全世界，这一因素对于博彩爱好者而言仍然是一个极佳的卖点。
The further development of online gambling was enabled by the risk of a new breed of ambitious developers, rushing into the market with their competitive solutions. The game rules started to become better and the size of the maximum win also increased.
在线博彩的进一步发展使新一代雄心勃勃的开发商甘冒风险，以其竞争性的解决方案冲进市场。游戏规则开始变得越来越好，最大奖的规模也随之增加。
The appearance of the Bitcoin cryptocurrency in 2009 gave birth to a new wave of companies: software vendors which now dominate the market.
2009年，比特币加密货币的出现催生了新一波的公司：软件厂商目前主导该市场。
The Bitcoin platforms also gave a boost to casinos using the currency because of the following reasons:
比特币平台也推动了在线博彩使用加密货币，基于以下原因：
	•	anonymity; 
匿名性；
	•	total balance control; 
总余额控制；
	•	faster transactions and lower running costs; 
更快的交易和较低的运行成本；
But Bitcoin casinos were still unable to solve the main gambling problem: a player can never be sure a casino is playing fair.
但比特币赌场仍然无法解决主要的博彩问题：博彩玩家无法确定某个赌场是否公平。
Algorithms and Video Poker Implementation算法和卡牌扑克的实现
Let's look at one of the possible Player-Croupier-Bank algorithms, already implemented in the beta version of the Video Poker game from Blind Croupier. Please note that the same idea can be used to develop and implement an algorithm for any possible casino game with 2 or more participants.
让我们看看某个Player-Croupier-Bank算法，它在Blind Croupier的视频扑克游戏的测试版本中已经实现。请注意，同样的想法可以用来开发和实现有2个或更多参与者的任何可能的赌场游戏的算法。
Our algorithms are specialized for building casinos for 3 parties: the Player (playing through the client-side JavaScript), the Croupier (an automatic server, belonging to the casino) and the Bank (a Solidity smart-contract, hosted in the Ethereum blockchain). The Player and the Croupier have no mutual trust in each other and trust the Bank unconditionally. The Bank receives the Player's and the Croupier's request, processes them and moves the funds (staking, winning, etc). In case someone (Player or Croupier) tries to cheat or refuses to oblige, the second party turn to the Bank (this is done automatically) and the Bank makes the final judgement and fines the guilty side if necessary.
我们的算法专门为3方参与的赌场而设计：玩家（通过客户端JavaScript参与游戏）、庄家（自动服务器，属于赌场）和银行（坚实的智能合同，由以太坊区块链托管）。玩家和庄家互不信任而无条件相信银行。银行收到玩家和庄家的要求，处理和转移资金（下注资金、获胜奖金等）。万一有人（玩家或庄家）试图欺骗或拒绝要求，另一方可向银行求助（这是自动进行的），并由银行做出最终判断，如有必要，银行对有错一方进行罚款。
The client-side JavaScript Player code is open-sourced and open for public inspection. Players may want to modify it, but this would be useless in terms of increasing the chances of winning. This can, on the contrary, degrade his chances. The Bank code is open-sourced as well. Moreover, the Bank acts independently of the Player's or the Croupier's will (and anyone's will at all), because it's a decentralized smart contract. The server-side Croupier code is hidden. No server-side Croupier code modification can possibly give the Croupier any advantage over the Player
客户端的JavaScript玩家代码是开源的，公开供公众查阅。玩家可能想修改它，但这对增加获胜的机会毫无用处。相反，这样做会减少获胜的机会。银行代码也是开源的。此外，银行独立于玩家或庄家的意志（和任何人的意志），因为它是一个分散的智能合同。服务器端庄家代码是隐藏的。服务器端的庄家代码修改不可能给庄家超越玩家的任何优势。
Blind Chips（Blind筹码）
BlindChips - Games in all the connected casinos will be played with special game credits, called BlindChips. These behave mostly like any other standard Ethereum tokens. They are stored in the buyer's Ethereum wallet and can be freely bought or sold. You can buy and sell BlindChips right on the casino's site. The main purpose of BlindChips is faster stake execution. Their main feature is the exchange algorithm. A Player can stake swiftly, by transmitting a signed bet order to the Croupier. The value of 1 BlindChips is equal to $1 in fees.
Blind筹码——参与所有连接赌场的游戏都需要使用特定的游戏积分，这种游戏积分就称为Blind筹码。它们的作用大多与其他标准的以太坊代币一样。它们存储在买方的以太坊钱包，可以自由买卖。您可以在赌场的网站购买和出售Blind筹码。使用Blind筹码的主要目的是为了更快的下注。其主要特点是交换算法。玩家可以通过向庄家发送赌注序号迅速下注。1 Blind筹码的价值相当于1美元。
Video Poker Game Rules视频扑克游戏规则
A video poker machine is usually visually similar to a slot machine. On the top there are winning combinations and the payouts table. In the center there is a screen showing the player's hand. On the bottom side there are 3 fields, indicating the player's credit, the last game win and the current bet. By using the "Bet One" button, a player increases the current bet by one coin.
卡牌扑克机看上去通常与老虎机相似。顶部有中奖组合和支付表。中心有一个屏幕显示玩家的掌控情况。底部有3个字段，表示玩家的信用、最后一场胜利、目前的赌注。利用“Bet One”按钮，玩家可通过一个硬币来增加现有赌注。
Having placed a bet, the player pushes the "Deal" button and receives five cards from the 52-card deck. By touching a card, the player can put it on hold. After that, the player pushes the "DRAW" button and the machine changes the free cards for him. In case there is a winning combination, shown in the top table, the appropriate win is deposited to the player's account. The combinations correspond to the standard poker combinations, the lower the chances, the higher the payouts.
下好赌注后，玩家按下“Deal”按钮，从52张牌中获得五张牌。通过触摸牌，玩家可以将它搁置。之后，玩家按下“DRAW”按钮，机器为他换掉空闲的牌。如果有一个得分组合显示在表格顶端，适当的收益就会被存放到玩家帐户。该组合对应着标准的扑克牌组合，机会越低，支付越多。
Combination
组合
LVL1
1级
LVL2
2级
LVL3
3级
LVL4
LVL5
Flush Royal皇家同花顺
250
500
750
1000
4000
Straight Flush同花顺
50
100
150
200
250
Four of Kind四张相同的牌
25
50
75
100
125
Full House满堂红
9
18
27
36
45
Flush同花牌
6
12
18
24
30
Straight 顺子
4
8
12
16
20
Three Of Kind三张相同的牌
3
6
9
12
15
Two Pairs双对子
2
4
6
8
10
Jacks or Better一对
1
2
3
4
5
PAYOUTS支出
98,05%
98,05%
98,05%
98,05%
99,54%
Alghoritm Implementation算法实现
The Player and the Croupier first generate a key pair of a private and a public key and submit the public key to the Bank. This operation uses 1 blockchain transaction, but must be completed only once. After it is done, all commands issued by any side (Player or Croupier) are signed by the private key of the corresponding side. The signature can then be validated by any party.
玩家和庄家首先生成一个私人密钥对和一个公共密钥对并向银行提交公钥。此操作使用1 区块链（blockchain）的交易，但必须一次性完成。完成后，所有由任何一方（玩家或庄家）发出的命令都由相应方的私钥签名。然后签名可由任何一方验证。
First of all, Player submits the signed bet command (the amount of chips they are willing to put at stake, signed by the private key) to Croupier. Croupier validates the command and begins the game.
首先，玩家向庄家提交签赌命令（他们希望下注的筹码数额，由私钥签名）。庄家验证命令并开始游戏。
Four random seeds are used in the algorithm (2 Croupier's and 2 Player's). They are derived from the signature of the fixed data set (a Player's address, a Croupier's address and game id), so only the owner of the private key can know the seed a priori. However, when a seed is published, any party can validate that the seed is generated correctly (using the normal signature validation procedure).
四个随机种子在算法中使用（2名庄家的和2名玩家的）。他们是来自固定的数据集的签名（一名玩家的地址，一个庄家的地址和游戏ID），所以只有私钥的所有者才会先知道种子。但是，发布种子时，任何一方都可以验证种子是否正确生成（使用一般的签名验证过程）。
The first two seeds (Player 1 and Croupier 1) are mixed and used to shuffle the deck. After that operation, the first five cards are drawn by Player.
前两个种子（玩家1和庄家1）被混合，用于洗牌。这一操作后，最初的五张牌由玩家抽出。
When the five cards are drawn, Player submits the signed replacement order (the information about cards he is willing to replace, signed by the private key) to Croupier.
抽出五张牌后，玩家向庄家提交签名的更换命令（他想要更换的牌的信息，由私钥签名）。
Two remaining random seeds (Player 2 and Croupier 2) are then mixed and used to shuffle the remainder of the deck. When this operation is completed, all parties agree on the game result and Croupier submits all the information (4 seeds, bet and replacement commands) to the Bank, which checks all signatures, calculates the game outcome and pays Player his win.
剩下的两个随机种子（玩家2和庄家2）进行混合并用于洗剩下的牌。当这个操作完成，各方同意游戏结果后，庄家向银行提交所有的信息（4个种子、赌注和替换命令），银行会检查所有的签名，计算游戏结果并支付玩家的收益。
If Croupier fails to submit the information, Player kindly waits for the time required for the transactions to complete and submits the information himself. The result is the same - the Bank calculates the game result and pays Player his win.
如果庄家未能提交信息，玩家等待完成交易并自己提交信息。结果是一样的——银行计算比赛结果并支付玩家的收益。
The Problems Solved By the Algorithm由算法解决的问题

The absence of fairness or transparency checking facilities is the main problem for a casino. A player has to rely on the good will of the casino owners and third party recommendations. He can't possibly check the source code and what is most important, whether a server generates unbiased random data. This is the case because the information is kept private and available only for the casino owners. The closed system is what discourages gamblers from using online casinos.
缺乏公平或透明的检查设备是赌场的主要问题。玩家必须依赖赌场老板的善意和第三方推荐。他不能检查源代码，而最重要的是，无法检查服务器是否生成无偏随机数据。出现这种情况是因为信息是保密的，仅供赌场老板使用。封闭的系统是阻碍赌博者利用在线赌场的因素。
This is not good for the casino itself. Even if it plays fairly, there is no way to prove this as there is no way to prove the size of the jackpot stated. To solve this, a casino must pay rating agencies, creating an unnecessary dependency on affiliated third parties.
这对赌场本身并不好。即使它玩得很公平，也没有办法证明这一点，因为没有办法证明大奖的数额。为了解决这个问题，赌场必须向评级机构支付，对附属第三方形成不必要的依赖。
Pseudo-Random Number Generation (PRNG) 
伪随机数生成(PRNG)
 Problem: For any online casino the used PRNG is of utter importance. The second problem is transparency. A closed system could generated pseudo-randomness (or even predefined randomness) to make advantage of player.
问题：对于任何在线赌场使用的PRNG极为重要。第二个问题是透明度。一个封闭的系统可能产生伪随机性（甚至预定义的随机性）来占玩家的便宜。
 Our solution: In the BlindCroupier's algorithm we use a very simple idea to generate random data. Each side has a private key, used to sign messages and commands. We use it to sign the fixed message, consisting of 4 parts: the Croupier's address, the Player's address, the game ID and the seed ID. The random seed is then acquired from this signature by a very simple manipulation. Until the seed is published it is only known to the owner of the private key. However, after the seed is published, any party can easily verify it by checking the signature against the public key of the seed owner. So, each random seed used in BlindCroupier's algorithm has two major traits:
我们的解决方案：在BlindCroupier算法中，我们使用一个非常简单的想法来生成随机数据。各方都有一个私钥，用于签署消息和命令。我们用它来签署固定的信息，由4部分组成：庄家的地址、玩家的地址、游戏ID和种子ID。然后，该随机的种子通过很简单的操作从这个签名获得。直到种子被发布，唯一知情的只有私有密钥的所有者。然而，在种子发布后，任何一方可以通过检查种子所有者的公钥签名很容易地进行验证。所以，每一个用于BlindCroupier算法的随机种子有两大特点：
	•	The seed is determined and can't be changed by any side.
	•	种子是确定的，不能被任何一方改变。
	•	The seed is revealed to the owner at the beginning of the game, and is available to public when the owner wishes to publish it.
	•	游戏开始时，种子是向所有者显示的，当所有者愿意发布时，公众才可以看到。
After both seeds are published (1 Croupier seed and 1 Player seed), we mix them to get a truly random unbiased seed. All sides use it to independently calculate the game result.
两个种子发布后（1个庄家种子和1个玩家种子），我们将它们混合以得到一个真正的随机无偏差的种子。双方都用它来独立计算游戏结果。
Gaming Speed and Slow Staking游戏速度和缓慢下注
 Problem: Most blockhain-based casinos require waiting time for the stake to be accepted (a time of one transaction). Because smart contract transactions are slow, they require new blocks generation. That's the reason many existing solutions work slowly. This significantly spoils the game process.
问题：大多数以区块链（blockhain）为基础的赌场需要等待下注被接受的时间（交易时间）。因为智能交易合同很缓慢，它们需要新的区块生成。这就是许多现有的解决方案运行缓慢的原因。这明显破坏游戏进程。
 Our solution: We use HTTPS only to exchange the signed commands between Player and Croupier. No Bank transactions are made that can disrupt or slow down the normal gameplay. The Player can place bets, draw and replace cards, finish the game and begin a new game as fast as allowed by their HTTPS connection. The only final transaction is made in the background when the game is finished. It doesn't slow down the gameplay. For staking we use specially designed BlindChips tokens. Their main distinguishing feature is the fact that anyone possessing the private key (initially generated by the player) can own them. So, to begin a game, the Player sends the Croupier the signed command to move some BlindChips, and the Croupier instantly checks their validity and begins the game. There is no need to wait for the blockchain transaction confirmation. This approach combines the blockchain's absolute reliability and traditional online casino speed.
我们的解决方案：我们只使用HTTPS来交换玩家和庄家之间签署的命令。银行交易不可能破坏或减慢正常的游戏速度。玩家可以下注、抽牌和换牌，结束游戏和开始新游戏得到HTTPS连接的迅速允许。唯一的最终交易是在游戏结束时的背景下进行的，它不会减慢游戏进程。对于下注，我们使用专门设计的Blind筹码代币。它们的主要特点是，持有私钥的任何人（由玩家最初生成）都可以拥有它们。所以，为了开始游戏，玩家将签署的命令发送给庄家以转移一些Blind筹码，且庄家立即检查其有效性并开始游戏。没有必要等待区块链（Blockchain）交易确认。这种方法结合了区块链的绝对可靠性和传统的在线赌场的速度。
Fairness check公平检查
 Problem: There is no way to check the mathematical advantage of a casino because of the closed casino system.
问题：由于封闭的赌场系统，没有办法检查赌场的算法优势。
 Our solution: All the randomness used in the process is generated from four random seeds. Each of the seeds is random and verifiable. No one can influence the generation of the seeds and anyone can check the seeds have been generated correctly. So, the advantage is truly determined by the game rules which are absolutely transparent.
我们的解决方案：所有流程中使用的随机性由四个随机种子生成。每个种子都是随机的和可核查的。没有人能影响种子的生成，任何人可以检查种子是否已正确生成。所以，真正的优势由绝对透明的游戏规则确定。
Miners' Manipulations（Miner[开采者]的操作）
 Problem: In some blockchain systems, freshly generated block parameters are used to generate randomness. This approach is criticized quite a lot, because it is vulnerable to some manipulation by the miners. Theoretically speaking, miners could delay the mined blocks until a better block appears, giving them an unfair advantage. It must be noted that all these attack vectors are purely theoretical and high-cost. There is no proof of real attacks taking place.
问题：在一些区块链（Blockchain）系统中，新生成的区块参数用于生成随机性。这种方法受到颇多批评，因为miner（开采者）很容易进行某些操纵。从理论上说，miner可以延迟“开采”区块，直到出现更好的区块，从而给他们一个不公平的优势。必须指出的是，所有这些攻击向量都是纯理论性的，且成本很高。没有证据表明真正攻击的发生。
 Our solution: We don't use block parameters as a randomness source. Instead, we mix seeds generated by Croupier and by Player to get totally random seed.
我们的解决方案：我们不使用区块参数作为随机源。相反，我们混合由庄家和玩家生成的种子以获得完全随机的种子。
Third Party Random Sources第三方随机源
 Problem: A lot of existing solutions use third party randomness vendors (e.g.http://random.org). Taking into account the aforesaid, it's clear that a malicious action by these vendors could lead to an unfair advantage for the Player or the Croupier. Simply put, while generating the required random seed, a site like random.org could easily win the jackpot.
问题：很多现有的解决方案使用第三方的随机供应商（例如，http://random.org）。考虑到上述说明，很明显，这些供应商的恶意行为可能给玩家或庄家带来不公平的优势。简单地说，当产生所需的随机种子时，像random.org的网站可以轻松赢得大奖。
 Our solution: We don't use third party randomness. All our randomness is generated inside the system.
我们的解决方案：我们不使用第三方随机性。我们所有的随机性在系统内部生成。
The Jackpot Validation大奖验证
 Problem: There is no way to validate the fact that the published jackpot amount really exists.
问题：没有办法验证公布中的奖金额的真实存在。
 Our solution: The Croupier's bankroll is stored in the Bank, which is an Ethereum smart contract. All the funds of a smart contract are public and can be validated by anyone.
我们的解决方案：庄家的资金存放在银行，它是一个以太坊智能合同。智能合同的所有基金都是公众的，任何人可以验证。
Technologies and Methodologies
技术和方法
In development, we use the latest tech and methodological stack. The main programming languages used in our project are JavaScript (ECMAScript 6) and Solidity 0.4.11. Initially we write all the smart contracts code in specially designed iSolidity language, which is compiled into normal Solidity code. We designed iSolidity and implemented iSolidity to Solidity compiler to solve some major problems of Solidity (like the inability to pass structures and arrays of structures to and from a contract). For smart contract development we use the Truffle framework. We are unit-testing with Mocha and Chai. For source code transpiring we use Babel. We stick to the strict source code style and validity by using ESLint. We use solc for the smart contract compilation. For Player-Croupier API building we use Swagger and Express framework. We use Webpack for packaging and optimizing the source code.
在开发中，我们使用了最新的技术和方法的堆栈。我们项目的主要编程语言为JavaScript（ECMAScript 6）和Solidity 0.4.11。最初我们把所有智能合同代码写入专门设计的isolidity语言，它被编译成普通的Solidity代码。我们设计和应用了isolidity to Solidity编译器以解决Solidity的一些重大问题（如无法让结构和结构的阵列往返于合同）。对于智能合同的开发，我们使用了Truffle框架。我们正利用Mocha 和 Chai进行单元测试。我们利用Babel生成源代码。我们通过利用ESLint坚持严格的源代码风格和有效性。我们使用solc编制智能合同。对于玩家-庄家API的建立，我们使用了Swagger与 Express 框架。我们使用Webpack包装和优化源代码。
	•	Methodologies: We use Agile working methodologies. To coordinate our work we use Pivotal Tracker, Discord, Slack. To control the source code versions we use Git.
	•	方法：我们使用Agile工作方法。为协调我们的工作，我们使用Pivotal Tracker、Discord、Slack。为控制源代码版本，我们使用Git。
	•	Client Side: The client side uses HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript with React / Redux. To preprocess CSS we use LESS.
	•	客户端：客户端使用HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript以及React / Redux。我们使用LESS的预处理CSS。
	•	Server Side: The Server Side is implemented in JavaScript with the use of Node.js.
	•	服务端：服务端利用Node.js在JavaScript中实现。
iGaming Market网上博彩市场

Online gaming, or gambling, is the wagering of something of value, usually money, on the outcome of an event or game using the internet. Online gaming includes such activities as poker, casinos (where people can play traditional casino games, like roulette or blackjack, but online), sports betting, bingo and lotteries. Of these, casino games and sports betting make up the largest share of the market. The market volume of online gaming was forecasted to reach 51.96 billion U.S. dollars in 2018, more than doubling since 2009.
在线游戏或赌博是赌博有价值的东西，通常是钱，通过使用互联网得出活动或游戏的结果。在线游戏包括扑克牌、赌场（人们可以玩传统的赌场游戏，如轮盘赌或二十一点，但是是在网上）、体育博彩，宾果游戏和彩票等活动。其中，赌场游戏和体育博彩占据最大的市场份额。2018年的在线游戏市场份额预计将达到519.6亿万美元，比2009年以来增长一倍以上。
House Edge or Casino's Revenue
赌场优势或赌场收入
A casino's revenue is formed from the house edge. The house edge is defined as the ratio of the average loss to the initial bet. The house edge is not the ratio of money lost to total money wagered. We will develop games with different house edges. These include games with minimal house advantages requiring skills to play: video poker, the house edge, given a player sticks to the best strategy possible, is 0.46%, for blackjack — 0.28% and the most popular games, in which success depends heavily on a player's luck: For roulette the house edge is 2.7%, for videoslots — 1-10%.
赌场收入形成于赌场优势。赌场优势被定义为平均损失与最初下注额的比率。赌场优势不是损失金额与总下注金额的比率。我们将开发具有不同赌场优势的游戏。它们包括具有最小赌场优势而需要技能去玩的游戏：如视频扑克，假定一个玩家坚持最好的可能策略，它的赌场优势为0.46%，而二十一点为 0.28%，在最流行的游戏中，成功很大程度上取决于玩家的运气：轮盘赌的赌场优势是2.7%，而卡牌扑克的赌场优势为1-10%。
For example: Games like Roulette, the “Edge” is achieved by the casino paying slightly less than the “true” odds for a particular bet. For example, the true odds for a single Roulette number to win are 36 to 1, since there are 37 compartments on the wheel. However, winning bets are actually paid at 35 to 1. Therefore the house advantage is equal to 1/37*100 = 2.7%. In theory after 10 spins, betting 1 unit per spin, the average house profit will be 10 x 1 x 2.76% = 0.27 units. Of course, the casino may not win exactly 0.27 units; this figure is the average casino profit from each player if it had millions of players each betting for 10 spins at 1 unit per spin.
例如：像轮盘赌之类的游戏，“优势”是通过由赌场为一个特定的赌注支付略低于“真实”的赔率而获得的。例如，一个单一的轮盘赌号码赢得的真正赔率是36到1，因为轮子上有37个区间。然而，赢得的赌注的实际支付为35到1。因此，赌场优势等于1 / 37 * 100 = 2.7%。理论上，旋转10次后，每次旋转投注1单位，平均赌场利润将是10 x 1 x 2.76% = 0.27单位。当然，赌场可能不会完全赢得0.27个单位；这个数字是从每个玩家身上获得的平均赌场利润，而且是假定它有数以百万计的玩家，每个玩家下注10次旋转并在每次旋转中投注1单位。
Turnkey Solution For Operators Casino运营赌场的整体解决方案

Blind Croupier solutions are not for a single casino, but for many casinos working together with the same software. To the casino operators, we guarantee a modern platform, all available games, and the ability to process transactions using our gambling license as soon as possible (everything is already done). We require minimum investment from a casino owners and little effort to launch a project. To begin, they will only need to develop a casino's design and a marketing plan (which is what Blind Croupier would help with) - and that's it, they can serve the clients in their own new generation casino.
Blind Croupier的解决方案不是为了某个单一的赌场，而是为了许多采用相同软件的赌场而设计。我们向赌场运营商保证一个现代化的平台，所有可用的游戏，以及使用我们的博彩许可证尽快处理交易的能力（一切都已经完成）。我们对赌场老板要求最低的投资额，且保证赌场老板无需花费大量精力开启项目。为了启动项目，他们只需要提出赌场设计和营销计划（Blind Croupier会提供帮助），这样，他们就可以在自己的新一代赌场为客户提供服务。
Blind Croupier Business model
Blind Croupier商业模式
Basically, Blind Croupier uses a standard revenue model, which consists of fixed fees and variable charges. This model minimizes the initial software investment for casino's. We believe that a casino should invest mainly in marketing and bankrolling.
基本上，Blind Croupier使用了一个标准的收入模式，包括固定费用和可变费用。这种模式最大限度地减少赌场的初始软件投资。我们认为赌场应主要投资于营销和提供资金。
For Blind Croupier this model guarantees monthly revenue flow, motivating us to improve our products and to release new ones. We look forward to providing first-class support and helping our partner casinos — we are interested in their success like no one else!
Blind Croupier模型保证每月的收入流，激励我们改善我们的产品并发布新的产品。我们期待提供一流的支持来帮助我们的合作伙伴开设赌场——没有谁比我们对他们的成功更感兴趣！
Royalties提成费用
The basic charge for the platform and games is 13% of Gross Gaming Revenue (GGR = Stakes - Wins). The royalty payout is performed automatically from the casino's bankroll to the Royalty Fund by the smart contract. The charge for the third party games may be increased.
该平台和游戏的基本收费为博彩毛收入的13%（GGR =赌注—收益）。提成支付是由智能合同从赌场资金到提成基金自动执行的。对于第三方游戏的收费可能会增加。
Fees使用费
Usage fees are fixed regular payments for platform services, support and server maintenance. The average annual fee is approx. 10,000 $. The basic to advanced platform transition is free of charge. The fee, however, depends on the platform version being used.
使用费是对平台服务、支持和服务器维护的固定的定期支付。平均每年的费用约为1万美元。先进平台转型基本是免费的。然而，收费取决于使用的平台版本。
Custom Services定制服务
Our partners can use a template platform design or order a unique one. Besides, partners can order unique games, which will be developed exclusively for their project, thus giving them marketing advantages.
我们的合作伙伴可以使用模板平台设计或订购独特的平台。此外，合作伙伴可以订购专门为他们的项目开发的独特游戏，从而使他们具备营销优势。
Motivation and Mission动力与使命
To enter a new era of transparent, decentralized casinos one important part is missing — a software vendor. As stated repeatedly in this document, the industry started after the first online casino platform was introduced. Its further growth was closely connected to the development of these platforms. These factors are the main motivation for our team.
为了进入一个透明的新时代，分散赌场的某个重要部分正在消失——软件供应商。本文多次表示，该行业在推出第一个在线赌场平台后开始发展。其进一步发展与这些平台的发展密切相关。这些因素是我们团队的主要动机。
Our mission is to deliver all the tools necessary for the industry to shift to new standards of decentralized, unbiased, fair and transparent online gambling. Our task is to free casino owners from ratings agencies services. Casinos, using Blind Croupier's software, are to be associated with indisputable fairness and large wins. This will give a feeling of excitement for players all over the world.
我们的使命是提供业界所需的一切工具，转而竖立分散、公正、公平和透明的在线博彩新标准。我们的任务是为赌场老板免除评级机构的服务。利用Blind Croupier软件，赌场将涉及无争议的公平和大量利益。这将给全世界玩家带来一种兴奋的感觉。
Premises前提
Before starting to develop our platform, we looked into building an online casino utilizing a smart contract and BlindCroupier's algorithms. While analyzing, we found out 3 major spending items:
在开始开发我们的平台之前，我们考虑建立一个利用智能合同和BlindCroupier算法的在线赌场。分析时，我们发现了3个主要的支出项目：
Software Development. This requires focus and large investment. The return period for the investiment spent on software development is quite long, not to mention lots of games and a constant need of developing new ones for the casino to be competitive. A rule of thumb is that there is a separate industry working to deliver software for the casinos.
软件开发。这需要集中大量投资。软件开发投资的回报周期相当长，更不用说众多游戏和为赌场参与竞争开发新游戏的持续需求。一条重要原则是有一个独立的行业致力于为赌场提供软件。
	•	
	•	
Player Attraction and Retention. This is a casino's main task, which includes manipulating a high volume of traffic and competent marketing. To fulfill its main purpose a casino needs major investment. Despite all this, if the software quality doesn't meet market requirements, a marketing campaign is going to be inefficient.
玩家吸引和保留。这是赌场的主要任务，包括控制高流量和适当营销。实现这一主要目，赌场需要大量投资。尽管如此，如果软件质量不符合市场需求，营销活动也将是低效的。
	•	
Bankroll investment. Securing players' stakes is required for a casino. It's a direct investment, the more stakes there are, the higher its bankroll must be. At this point we must remind you that BlindCroupier's platform is going to adjust maximum stakes depending on the casino's bankroll.
资金投资。确保玩家的赌注是赌场的要求。这是一个直接投资，赌注越多，资金就必须越多。在这一点上，我们必须提醒您，BlindCroupier的平台将依据赌场的资金调整最大赌注。
	•	
As each of these tasks needs large investments, we decided to focus on delivering quality solutions for other professionals, who, in turn, will use their resources to attract players and secure their stakes. Together we can bring new horizons to online gambling.
由于每项任务都需要大量投资，所以我们决定专注于为其他专业人员提供高质量的解决方案，他们将利用他们的资源吸引玩家并确保他们的赌注。我们可以共同为在线赌博带来新的视野。
Blind Croupier Platform 
Blind Croupier平台
BlindCroupier, we believe, is going to be a quality brand in the online gambling world. It is important for those casinos working with our software for Blind Croupier to be associated with fine gameplay, fairness and large wins (which is, of course, true). Our strategy is to provide higher conversion rates for those casinos using our solutions.
我们相信，BlindCroupier将成为一个在线赌博界的优质品牌。这对于那些采用我们BlindCroupier软件的赌场获得精密的游戏、公平与大量的利益非常重要（当然，这是事实）。我们的战略是为使用我们解决方案的赌场提供更高的转换率。
The release of the platform is split into two stages. The basic platform and the basic game set are to be presented to the blockchain community. The advanced platform with advanced games are to be presented at the main online gambling exhibitions. During this stage we are going to showcase all the features of our solutions. The features and functionality are described in table.
平台的发布分为两个阶段。基本平台和基本游戏设置将展示在区块链社区。拥有先进游戏的先进平台将在主要的在线博彩展览中展示。在此阶段我们将展示我们解决方案的所有特征，特征与功能如下表所述。
Platform features
平台特征
Basic platform
基本平台
Advanced platform
Analytics分析法


Cryptocurrencies Exchange加密数字货币交换


White Label白色标签


Basic Game基本游戏


Multilingual Support多语言支持


Operation under BlindCroupier license （BlindCroupier许可证支持运作）


Extended Game Set扩展的游戏设置


Bonus Program Management奖金计划管理


CMS


BlindJackpot Fund（Blind大奖基金）


Jackpot大奖


Mobile Casino移动赌场


Description描述
	•	
Cryptocurrencies Exchange To begin playing with a casino, a player needs to connect his existing wallet or create a new Ethereum wallet. This is done online at the casino's site. After doing this, he is then able to buy BlindChips, using many different cryptocurrencies.
加密数字货币交换：为开始赌场游戏，玩家需要将他现有的钱包或创建的新的以太坊钱包连接。这将于在线赌场的网站上完成。在此之后，玩家就能购买Blind筹码，使用许多不同的加密数字货币。
White Label is a complete turnkey project of online casino ready for a successful release, requiring only a brand new name and design, selected according to your personal preferences.
白色标签：它是准备成功发布之在线赌场的完整的交钥匙工程，只需要一个全新的名称和设计，根据您的个人喜好选择。
Analytics. The platform includes a dashboard, showing detailed revenues, expenses and stakes. There is also a tool to calculate the required bankroll amount and the maximum allowed stake (depending on the bankroll), a revenue prognostic tool and other helpful real-time information displays.
分析法。该平台包括一个显示详细收入、费用和赌注的控制面板，一个计算出所需的资金量和最大允许投注（取决于资金）的工具，一个收入预测工具和其他有用的实时信息显示器。
Bonus Program. Set up your bonus program to motivate your players even more. Add free spins and bonus rewards. We are going to develop new bonus types and bonus programs and keep you informed.
奖金计划。设置您的奖金计划来更加激励您的玩家。添加自由旋转和奖金奖励。我们将开发新的奖金类型和奖励计划，并让您知悉。
CMS. Edit the content, drag and drop game blocks, add special offers, set up SEO.
CMS：编辑内容，拖放游戏块，添加特殊订单，建立SEO。
Multilingual. Localize your casino for any market.
多语种：定位您的赌场于任何市场。
JACKPOT. A progressive jackpot motivates your players to increase the stakes. You can connect your games to a system which certifies the jackpot size and choosing the winner in a fair manner.
大奖：累积奖金激励您的玩家增加赌注。您可以将您的游戏与证明大奖规模和以公平方式选出获胜者的系统连接。
Anti-Fraud System. Our algorithms make Player fraud and Croupier cheating impossible even in theory. All money transfers are controlled by the smart contract, immune to external control.
反欺诈制度：我们的算法使玩家欺诈和赌场作弊在理论上不可能发生。所有资金转移由智能合同控制，不受外部控制。
Mobile Casino移动赌场
Mobile casinos actually represent a brand new craze of online casino industry (Reached €13.5Billions H2 Gambling Capital report). Internet expansion in Smartphone helped greatly the world of gambling providing a wide array of online mobile casinos. Online mobile casinos offer the same excitement and thrill like you get in real casino. Besides, some of the reputed mobile casinos. Blind Croupier will, provide gamblers with high quality graphics and most powerful software to offer a realistic gambling experience. With all these advantages, there is no doubt that online mobile casino is here to stay.
移动赌场其实代表着在线赌场业的一个全新热潮（达到135亿 欧元—H2赌博资本报告）。智能手机的互联网发展极大帮助了博彩业提供广泛的在线移动赌场。在线移动赌场为您提供在真正赌场享受的同样的兴奋和激动。此外，涌现了一些知名的移动赌场。Blind Croupier将提供高质量的图表算法和最强大的软件以提供现实的赌博经验。拥有这些优势，在线移动赌场将毫无疑问在此驻足。
Operation under BlindCroupier license 
BlindCroupier许可证经营
The main reason preventing us from delivering our products at a global level is Ethereum's lack of recognition outside the blockchain community. There needs to be a way to deposit funds more conveniently. To achieve this one must acquire a gambling license. We are going to get one and introduce the sale of BlindChips online by using traditional payment methods: credit cards and payment systems. This has nothing to do with gameplay fairness and transparency. For the casino owners this means there is no need to get a gambling license because all the payments are processed by Blind Croupier.
阻碍我们在全球范围内输送我们产品的最主要原因是区块链社区之外以太坊的认知缺乏。我们需要有一个更方便的存入资金的方式。为了实现这一点，就必须获得赌场执照。我们将获得执照，并通过采用传统的支付方法（信用卡和支付系统）引进Blind筹码在线销售。这无关游戏的公平性和透明度。对于赌场老板来说，这意味着不需要获得赌场执照，因为所有付款都由Blind Croupier处理。
The Blind Jackpot Fund 
Blind大奖基金
Any casino, using Blind Croupier software can choose a set of games to connect to the BlindJackpot fund. A percentage of bets placed will be automatically put into it. The percent transferred is 1/5 of the house edge of the specific game.
任何赌场，利用Blind Croupier软件可以选择一组游戏连接到Blind大奖基金。1%的赌注会自动投入。该百分比是特定游戏赌场利益的1/5。
For example: for the videopoker 5-bet game the casino's expected revenue from each bet is 0.46%, so 1/5 or 0.092% of each bet is transferred to Blind Jackpot Fund.
例如：对于视频扑克5-bet游戏，赌场从每次下注获得的预期收益为0.46%，所以每次赌注的1/5或0.092%被转移到Blind大奖基金。

The chance of winning the jackpot depends on the number of transactions made to the Fund the player has made (the more transactions made, the larger the Fund's share is and the higher the chance is). Only high-bidders can deposit to the Fund.
中奖的机会取决于玩家的交易次数（交易越多，基金的份额越大，机会越高）。只有高出价人可以存款于基金。
The Blind Jackpot Fund is divided into three prize funds: Blind 大奖基金分为三种奖金基金：
The prize fund is built in a way that money are always accumulated, so the fund doesn't deplete but rather move from cycle to cycle.
奖金基金建立在资金积累的基础上，因此基金不会耗尽，而是不断循环。
Mega Jackpot is the largest one.The winning amount is 13% of the Fund's size. The payout interval is 28 days. After Mega Jackpot payout the rest of the money is moved to the next cycle. All the "tickets" are destroyed before the new cycle beginning.
Mega Jackpot是最大的奖。中奖金额为基金规模的13%。支付的时间间隔为28天。Mega Jackpot支付后，其余的钱会转移到下一个周期。新周期开始之前所有的“票据”都会被销毁。
Miracle Jackpot is the second largest of the regular payouts. It's 4% of the Fund's size. The payout interval is 16 days. The winning "ticket" is excluded from the further payout cycles.
Miracle Jackpot是第二大的经常支出。它是基金规模的4%。支付的时间间隔为16天。获奖的“票据”在下一个周期前被取消。
Wild Jackpot is the daily payout of 0.3% of the Fund's size. Wild Jackpot не разыгрывается по дням когда идут розыгрыши других фондов
Wild Jackpot是基金规模0.3%的日常支出。
E.g. To make things clear, let's suggest that the prize fund is not replenished by the new bets and its balance during the whole cycle is $1,000. To pay Wild Jackpot, $74 are needed (daily payouts), to pay Miracle Jackpot - $38 (one payout for the current cycle, two payouts during the next cycle), for the Mega Jackpot - $117. So, $771 is moved to the next cycle and so on.
例如，为了使事情明朗化，我们建议该奖金基金不由新的赌注补充，整个周期的余额为1000美元。为支付Wild Jackpot，需要74美元（每日支出），为支付Miracle Jackpot ，需38美元（当前周期的一次支付，下个周期的两次支付），为支付Mega Jackpot，需117美元。因此，771美元被转移到下一个周期等等。
Blind Croupier reserves the right to make any changes during the system's beta-testing period exclusively to improve its functionality. Changes may include: the distribution of the prize fund, the transferred bet percentage and other changes needed for the quality and fair system operation.
Blind Croupier保留在系统的测试期间对其做出任何改进以提升其功能的权利。改进可能包括：奖金基金的分配、转移赌注的百分比以及质量和公平系统运作所需的其他改进。
BlindJackpot Main Features 
Blind大奖的主要特征
	•	
Cycles: For the long time players are not excited by the low-chance large-sized jackpots. In the BlindJackpot fund money don't accumulate for ages, instead there are cycles with certain time periods. Everyone knows the moment a new winner is determined. The cycle lasts for 28 days, after that all the "tickets" are destroyed and the rest of the money is moved into the next cycle. Working this way we hope to reach the balance between the jackpot's size and the probability of winning.
周期：很长一段时间，玩家不会受到低机会的大规模奖金激励。在Blind大奖基金，金额不会积累多年，取而代之的是以一定的时间周期累积。大家都知道新赢家被确定的时间。周期持续28天，之后所有的“票据”被销毁，其余的金额转移到下一个周期。以这种方式，我们希望达到大奖规模和中奖概率之间的平衡。
The teamwork - the BlindJackpot fund is an excellent opportunity for the competitive casinos to cooperate. Collectively, giving away a small percentage of the revenue they can achieve a really impressive prize fund. The player's chance to win is the same independent of the specific casino he is playing in.
团队工作：Blind大奖基金为竞争性赌场的合作提供了极佳的机会。总的来说，放弃一小部分的收入可以达到丰富的奖金基金。玩家的获胜机会不依赖于他参与的特定赌场。
Accumulation - each cycle ends with the announcement of the winner. It lasts 28 days. The major part of the money is then transferred to the next cycle to keep the BlindJackpot Fund growing.
累积：每个周期结束时宣布获胜者。它会持续28天。金额大部分将被转移到下一个周期以维持BlindJackpot基金的增长。
Transparency - the BlindJackpot Fund is controlled by a smart contract. All the transactions, source code, balance, winner determining are transparent and open for the public inspection.
透明：Blind大奖基金由智能合同管理。所有的交易、源代码、余额、获胜者的确定都是透明的并开放公众核查。
Player Motivation and Syndicates creation - the BlindJackpot Fund is created to motivate player to place larger bets rather than the required size thus increasing the casino's revenue. The main motive for the players are transparency and large win possibility. To drive the motivation even more Blind Croupier is going to promote the creation of syndicates. A syndicate gives a higher winning chance in exchange of a small prize share. They can be formed either by a group of people closely connected to each other (relatives, friends) or in specially created communities.
玩家动力和财团建立：BlindJackpot基金用来激励玩家投放更大的赌注而非要求的规模，从而增加赌场的收入。对于玩家的主要动力是透明度和赢得大奖的可能性。为加大驱动力，Blind Croupier将推动财团的建立。财团以交换小额奖金份额而获得较高的获胜机会。他们可以由一组密切联系的人（亲戚、朋友）或在专门创建的社区中形成。
Jackpot Winner Determining Algorithm
大奖得主的判定算法
A winner is determined randomly using a specially designed blockchain-based algorithm. At the moment of writing this document we are inclined to using a RANDAO based method. Yet, we leave the possibility to design and implement a totally different fair and transparent system for this purpose.
赢家是通过使用特别设计的基于区块链的算法随机确定的。写这个文件时我们倾向于使用基于RANDAO的方法。然而，为此目的我们设计和实现了一个完全不同的公平和透明的系统。
